docs: Rewrite entry and "first pipeline" page (#4550)
woodpecker-ci/woodpecker: docs/docs/20-usage/10-intro.md

> # "Hello world"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Your first pipeline AKA "Hello world"
```

Let's get started and create a simple pipeline to demonstrate the pipeline syntax and overall behavior.

## 1. Repository Activation

To enable your repository in Woodpecker, navigate to the repository list and select **New Repository**.
You’ll be presented with a list of repositories from your forge (e.g., GitHub, GitLab) that can be activated with a simple click.

> Ensure you have administrative rights on the repository in your forge, as Woodpecker needs to add a webhook to detect events like pushes, pull requests, and tags. ￼

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Ensure you have administrative rights on the repository in your forge, as Woodpecker needs to add a webhook to detect events like pushes, pull requests, and tags.
```

![new repository list](repo-new.png)

> ## 2. The first workflow

Reviewer: Pipeline, workflow ... seems they are the same thing🤔

> Once your repository is enabled, Woodpecker starts monitoring it for changes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once your repository is enabled, Woodpecker starts listening for changes in there.
```

> When a change is detected, it looks for a pipeline configuration file.

Reviewer: Pipeline or workflow(s)? File or files?
It was more accurate sentence.

> To set up your first workflow, create a file named `.woodpecker/my-first-workflow.yaml` (feel free to change the file name to your liking) in your repository:

Reviewer: I think it is better to use single workflow syntax here and, probably, call it pipeline.

   ...
   ```

1. We defined two steps: `build` and `test`

The steps in your workflow are executed sequentially in the order they are defined.
For instance, the `build` step will run first, followed by the `test` step.

- In the `build` step, the workflow uses the debian image to create a binary file named executable.
- In the `test` step, the workflow uses the `golang:latest` image to run the executable file for testing.

> You can use any image any registry you have access to.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can use any image from any registry you have access to.
```

The most common one is [Docker Hub](https://hub.docker.com/search?type=image) which is implicitly used via `docker.io` as the default registry.
If you want to use a different one, you need to prefix the registry explicitly:

```diff
 steps:
   - name: build
-    image: debian
+    image: my-registry/my-repo/my-image:latest
```

## 3. Push the file and trigger the first pipeline

If you commit and push this file to your repository, Woodpecker will execute the pipeline.

You can check the pipeline execution in the Woodpecker UI by navigating to the `Pipelines` section of your repository.

![pipeline view](./pipeline.png)

As you probably noticed, there is another step called `clone` which is executed before your steps.

> This step is required to initially clone your repository into a directory named `workspace`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This step is required to initially clone your repository into a directory called `workspace`.
```

https://woodpecker-ci.org/docs/2.7/usage/workflow-syntax#workspace

This directory will be available throughout all steps and provide the pipeline access to the files.

> As this is always required to get started, Woodpecker adds this step implicitly.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As this is often required to get started, Woodpecker adds this step implicitly.
```
